https://investors.tristel.com/investor-hub/
http 200 via browser

Investor Hub - WE HAVE CHEMISTRY
Investor Hub - WE HAVE CHEMISTRY
Home
/
Investor Hub
Investor Hub
Summary
Investor Relations
Advisors
Shareholdings
AGM
Corporate Governance
Environmental, Social & Governance
RNS
Presentations & Webinars
Research
Constitutional Documents
Summary
Tristel plc is incorporated in England and Wales and is subject to the UK City Code on Takeovers and Mergers. Its shares are listed on the Alternative Investment Market (AIM); there are no other exchanges or trading platforms on which Tristel plc has applied or agreed to have any of its securities admitted or traded. There are no restrictions on the transfer of Tristel plc’s AIM securities. The Company’s Ticker Symbol is TSTL.
The number of shares in issue on
14th
August 2026
was
48,073,493
(Ord 1p).
For details of what the Company does, please refer to the “
About
” section of this website.
The information on this investor website is being disclosed for the purpose of AIM Rule 26 and was last updated on
5th October 2026
.
Investor Relations
The Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer are the key shareholder liaison contacts alongside the company’s public relations advisors.
The Board actively engages with both institutional and private shareholders on at least four occasions each year, each in a forum that allows Management and the Board to hear investors’ views and answer their questions face to face. The Company’s NOMAD and public relations advisor provide written investor feedback after all investor presentations and meetings which are shared with the Board. Via communication with the Company’s NOMAD and analyst, together with Regulatory News Service announcements and the Company’s Annual Report, the Board gauges investor sentiment, sets expectations and communicates the Company’s intentions. The Board sees all write-ups on the Company by the financial press, monitors popular online bulletin boards and has a series of online facilities in place that provide a conduit between the Company and its shareholders.
The Board feels that the Company has achieved a very high level of shareholder engagement and continues to seek ways to enhance this.
If you would like to contact the company’s Management or have comments or questions, please email us direct or alternatively, register at tristel@walbrookpr.com to receive updates, RNS and notifications of presentations and events.
The Company’s financial calendar is:
Event | Date
Year End | 30 June
Half Year End | 31 December
Audited Results* | October
Interim Results* | March
AGM* | December
*Months based on previous announcements of this kind.
Anna Wasyl
Chief Financial Officer
Advisors
Financial PR
Walbrook PR Limited
75 King William Street,
London, EC4N 7BE
Tel: 020 7933 8780
Email: tristel@walbrookpr.com
Registrar
Computershare Investor Services plc
PO Box 859, The Pavilions,
Bridgwater Road,
Bristol BS99 7NH
Tel: 0870 889 3105
http://www.uk.computershare.com
Nominated Advisor & Broker
Cavendish,
1 Bartholomew Close,
London EC1A 7BL
Tel: 020 7220 0500
https://www.cavendish.com/
Auditors
Grant Thornton UK LLP
Chartered Accountants - Registered Auditors
Maurice Wilkes Building,
St John's Innovation Park, Cowley Road, Cambridge CB4 0DS
Tel: 01223 225600
https://www.grantthornton.co.uk/
Solicitors
Browne Jacobson,
15th Floor,
6 Bevis Marks,
London, EC3A 7BA
Tel: +44 (0)370 270 6000
https://www.brownejacobson.com
Solicitors
Greene & Greene,
80 Guildhall Street,
Bury St Edmunds,
Suffolk IP33 1QB
Tel: 01284 762211
https://greene-greene.com
Patent Attorneys
Dummett Copp,
25 The Square,
Martlesham Heath,
Ipswich, Suffolk IP5 3SL
Tel: 01473 660 600
https://www.dummett.com
Remuneration consultants
FIT,
5 Fitzhardinge Street,
London W1H 6ED
Tel: 020 7034 1111
Email: info@fit-rem.com
Shareholdings
Director Shareholdings
The interests of the directors in the shares of the Company at 20 April 2026 were:
Non-Executive | Ordinary 1p shares | % of issued
Tom Jenkins | 13,400 | 0.03%
Isabel Napper | 2,000 | 0.00%
Caroline Stephens | 6,878 | 0.01%
The total number of shares not held in public hands at 30 June 2026 was 22,278 constituting 0.05% of the company’s share capital.
Substantial Shareholdings
Except for the directors’ interests noted above, the directors are aware of the following who were interested in 3% or more of the Company’s equity at 30 June 2026:
Name of Investor | Registered Holding | % of issued
Rathbones | 4,489,396 | 9.35%
Charles Stanley | 3,137,151 | 6.54%
Interactive Investor (EO) | 2,593,319 | 5.40%
Unicorn Asset Management | 2,470,329 | 5.15%
BGF | 2,236,034 | 4.66%
Hargreaves Lansdown, stockbrokers (EO) | 2,168,398 | 4.52%
Liontrust Asset Management | 1,748,829 | 3.64%
Artemis Investment Management LLP | 1,650,171 | 3.44%
Canaccord Wealth (ND) | 1,510,575 | 3.15%
AGM
2025
11 December 2025
Result of AGM
pdf 195 KB
AGM Votes - 11 Dec 2025
pdf 110 KB
11 December 2025
AGM Statement
pdf 234 KB
Notice of 2025 AGM
pdf 179 KB
Form of Proxy
pdf 625 KB
2024
16 December 2024
Result of AGM
pdf 118 KB
AGM Votes - 16 Dec 2024
pdf 34 KB
16 December 2024
AGM Statement
pdf 220 KB
Tristel Annual Report 2023-2024
pdf 756 KB
Notice of Meeting 2024
pdf 188 KB
2023
Tristel Annual Report 2022-2023
pdf 2963 KB
Notice of Meeting 2023
pdf 127 KB
AGM Statement 2023
pdf 199 KB
AGM Votes - 19 Dec 2023
pdf 100 KB
Result of AGM 2023
pdf 118 KB
2022
Tristel Annual Report 2021-2022
pdf 1105 KB
Result of AGM 2022
pdf 136 KB
AGM Votes - 12 Dec 2022
pdf 77 KB
Form of Proxy 2022
pdf 1763 KB
Notice of Meeting 2022
pdf 6983 KB
2021
Tristel Annual Report 2020-2021
pdf 514 KB
Result of AGM 2021
pdf 159 KB
AGM Votes - 13 Dec 2021
pdf 76 KB
Form of Proxy 2021
pdf 720 KB
Notice of Meeting 2021
pdf 172 KB
2020
Tristel Annual Report 2019-2020
pdf 686 KB
Result of AGM 2020
pdf 126 KB
AGM Results 2020
pdf 64 KB
Form of Proxy 2020
pdf 720 KB
Notice of Meeting 2020
pdf 144 KB
Executive Performance Share Plan 2021
pdf 59 KB
Executive Performance Share Plan Agreement 2021
pdf 234 KB
Executive Performance Share Plan Rules 2021
pdf 146 KB
2019
Tristel Annual Report 2018-2019
pdf 417 KB
Form of Proxy 2019
pdf 49 KB
Notice of Meeting 2019
pdf 47 KB
2018
Tristel Annual Report 2017-2018
pdf 4481 KB
Result of AGM 2018
pdf 137 KB
Form of Proxy 2018
pdf 48 KB
AGM Statement 2018
pdf 192 KB
2017
Tristel Annual Report 2016-2017
pdf 2362 KB
AGM Summary of 2018 Plans
pdf 55 KB
Clarification of AGM timing 2017
pdf 362 KB
Notice of Meeting 2017
pdf 109 KB
2016
Tristel Annual Report 2015-2016
pdf 6334 KB
Form of Proxy 2016
pdf 49 KB
Notice of Meeting 2016
pdf 65 KB
2015
Tristel Annual Report 2014-2015
pdf 1420 KB
Result of AGM 2015
pdf 190 KB
Form of Proxy 2015
pdf 48 KB
Notice of Meeting 2015
pdf 68 KB
Corporate Governance
Tristel Plc
Chairman’s Corporate Governance Report
Introduction
The directors attach great importance to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to help achieve the Group’s goals. This Corporate Governance Report is in compliance with the Quoted Companies Alliance Corporate Governance Code (QCA Code) 2023 which was revised in 2023 and comprises 10 principles.
The QCA Code explains that companies need to aspire to deliver growth in long-term shareholder value, having regard to the interests of other stakeholders. This requires an efficient, effective and dynamic governance framework and should be accompanied by good communication in order to promote and retain confidence and trust.
As Chair of the Board of Directors, corporate governance is my responsibility. By following the QCA code, my Board colleagues and I seek to ensure that the Group operates efficiently and effectively and communicates well to promote confidence and trust in the Group’s Board and Management. The Board aims to balance the interests and expectations of the Group’s many shareholders and stakeholders by observing a transparent set of rules, practices and processes. I believe that by adhering to this clear set of guidelines which clarify authority and responsibility, requiring constant measurement and review, the Group is best placed to manage risk and achieve a high level of performance, both of which are pre-requisites to the Group’s longterm success.
The key changes that have resulted from this review during the year ended 30 June 2025, are:
An update to this Corporate Governance Report
Setting of personal objectives for Executive Management
Further enhancement to Board reporting enabling improved insight into business activities
A review and update to the Executive Management succession plan
Continued strengthening of our ESG strategy by refining targets and improving tracking for measurable progress.
We have considered how we apply each principle to the extent that the Board judges these to be appropriate for our circumstances, and below we provide an explanation of the approach taken in relation to each.
Our objective is to secure the long-term success of the Group by establishing a sustainable and profitable operating model with an appropriate underlying cost base. The Board believes that applying sensible corporate governance practices can only help achieve our goals.
We operate in the way the Board believes is most suited to the Group at its current stage of development. The Group is led by an experienced board, supported by a strong leadership team to enable it to focus on growing the business to secure its long-term sustainable success whilst creating long-term value for shareholders and stakeholders alike.
Good corporate governance is about ensuring that the Board is set up to make robust decisions and manage risk. To do so requires having the necessary breadth of expertise and perspectives around the board table and for each voice to be appropriately heard. It is increasingly about ensuring that a healthy culture is in place which combines a strong focus on performance and a shared sense of purpose. With the appointment of the new Chief Executive Officer to the Board in September 2024, the Group believes it has in place a strong leadership team to enable it to focus on growing the business to secure its long-term sustainable success whilst creating long-term value for shareholders and stakeholders alike.
We trust that the result of our efforts to date provide stakeholders with access to the information they need and the confidence that the Board holds corporate governance compliance in the highest regard.
We set out our compliance with these Principles below. This information can also be found on our website here:
https://investors.tristel.com/investor-hub/
Principle 1: Establish a purpose, strategy and business model which creates long-term value for shareholders
The Group’s purpose is to build value for the investors and shareholders through the manufacture of infection prevention products. Tristel’s principal activity is the manufacture and supply of products using its unique proprietary chlorine dioxide (ClO2) chemistry. The Group is a market leader in manual decontamination of medical devices, supplying hospitals under the Tristel brand, and under the Cache brand provides products for sporicidal surface disinfection, in a format which is a sustainable alternative to commonly used pre-wetted plastic wipes.
The Board’s objective is to secure long-term success by establishing a sustainable and profitable operating model with an appropriate underlying cost base in order to create long-term value for shareholders and stakeholders. 2025/26 will see a focus on positive cash generation and building the sales pipeline with a more diverse range of partners.
The Board has set out its purpose, business model and strategy in the Strategic Report of the Annual Report and Financial Statements, giving further information in the Chairman’s Statement and the Financial Review about how we performed against our stated strategy. The Strategic Report includes information on the principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group and how we have acted to reduce our exposure to risk.
The Board will continue to monitor its progress against its stated strategy.
The Board reviews and re-sets the Group’s strategic goals annually. In July 2025 the primary goals were re-set, as:
Corporate:
Maximise the Group’s value to all stakeholders
Medical device decontamination (Tristel brand):
Through technological innovation to become the global leader in pointof-care decontamination of medical devices
Healthcare surface disinfection (Cache brand):
To demonstrate the sporicidal efficacy of our chlorine dioxide chemistry and target departments within the hospital where efficacy is most important, which represents 20-30% of the total global surface disinfection market.
ESG
In accordance with the UK government’s 2019 SECR regulations, introduced under its net zero commitment, we disclose our UK-based energy consumption, associated emissions, methodology, and energy efficiency actions taken during the year, as required for large unquoted companies.
Tristel plc, as the parent company, meets SECR thresholds, reports group-level energy use and emissions. However, in line with regulatory requirements, only UK-based data is included; overseas subsidiaries are excluded.
Our reporting aligns with the Companies (Directors’ Report) and Limited Liability Partnerships (Energy and Carbon Report) Regulations 2018, and follows the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Standard and UK Government GHG Conversion Factors (2021–2025). The full SECR disclosure is available within the ESG Report on page 46.
The Group has a clear strategic plan set by the Board, including financial performance targets, an approach to risk, and a vision of the values necessary and appropriate to achieve the plan. These are described with the Chief Executive’s Report via internal reporting and interaction between the Board, Management and staff. There is company-wide understanding of how shareholder value will be derived from these principles.
The business strategy, financial targets and key risks are clearly stated within our Annual Report to ensure that shareholders can see how the Board intends to deliver long-term shareholder value and security, whilst protecting it from unnecessary risk.
Principle 2: Promote a corporate culture that is based on ethical values and behaviours
The Board promotes a corporate culture that is based on sound ethical values and behaviour through their own actions and words and ensures that these are apparent and understood in every part of the business. They are embodied in three words which describe the core values of the Group:
No-nonsense
Considerate
Energetic.
These values are applied consistently to employee personal development and training programs and form a central part of the Group’s day-to-day operations. Tristel views itself as a global family of shared values and ambition, where every person, product and process matters. Information on how the Group’s beliefs are applied to the business is set out on the website here:
https://investors.tristel.com/
By adhering to these values, the Board believes that the Group will maintain a healthy corporate culture, focussing upon what is important, whilst taking a balanced approach to achieving its goals.
Infection prevention is a vital yet complex area of healthcare, and healthcare providers can be reluctant to change and put their trust in new products. The Board feels that if an honest and straightforward approach is taken, whilst supporting customers through the process of adopting new products, the Group can best achieve its goals.
The relatively flat structure of the Group means that the Board can assess the state of Group’s culture easily, which it currently considers to be energetic, candid and considerate, despite the uncertainties affecting the world and felt by us all.
The Group is committed to promoting a culture based on ethical values and behaviours across the business. Policies are in place covering key matters such as bribery, protection of intellectual property and sensitive information, conflicts of interest, whistleblowing and anti-slavery. These are vigorously enforced and monitored and are in addition to training, education and certification offered to end users of Tristel’s products.
To reinforce these commitments, we require staff to complete several mandatory online training courses on an annual basis. These cover both compliance and culturally driven values. These include:
Anti-bribery
Bullying and harassment
GDPR
Equality, diversity and inclusion.
Our HR team provides regular reports to managers with course completion data to ensure accountability and continued progress.
Certifications
Our Quality and Regulatory teams ensure our products meet the highest standards of safety and compliance, delivering reliable solutions that adhere to global regulations and exceed customer expectations.
Our certifications:
Certificate of Registration MDSAP 703572
EC Certificate – Full Quality Assurance System CE 544967
ISO 13485:2016 Certificate 78322.
Principle 3: Seek to understand and meet shareholder needs and expectations
The Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer are the key shareholder liaison contacts alongside the Company’s public relations advisors.
The Group values the views of its shareholders and recognises their interest in its strategy and performance. The Board actively engages with both institutional and private shareholders on at least four occasions each year, each in a forum which allows it to hear investors’ views and answer their questions face-to-face.
Feedback after all investor presentations and meetings is provided to the Board to ensure the directors have a balanced understanding of the issues and concerns of major shareholders.
The Board sees all write-ups on the Group by the financial press, monitors popular online bulletin boards and has a series of online facilities in place that provide a conduit between the Group and its shareholders. AGM voting recommendations and trends are reviewed by the Board and actions taken when there is evidence that shareholders’ expectations are not being met. The Board reviews proxy voting reports and any significant dissent is discussed with relevant shareholders and, if necessary, action is taken to resolve any issues. In compliance with best practice, the level of proxy votes (for, against and vote withheld) lodged on each resolution is declared at all general meetings and announced.
The Board receives share register analysis reports to monitor the Group’s shareholder base and help identify the types of investors on the register.
The Board feels that it has achieved a high level of shareholder engagement and continually seeks ways to further enhance this.
Principle 4: Take into account wider stakeholder interests, including social and environmental responsibilities and their implications for long-term success
The Group is committed to delivering solutions and services that create long-term value for all stakeholders, including clients, employees, investors, and wider society. Our approach integrates environmental sustainability, social impact, and ethical business practices into our decision-making.
The Group’s internal stakeholders are its employees. Management’s close day-to-day connection with employees, combined with regular engagement surveys, staff meetings, education sessions and social events ensure good relations with and between employees. These activities allow employees to share their views on how the Group can ensure the greatest chance of success for its products, processes and outcomes, as well providing a positive work environment. The Board’s assessment is that the Group’s culture is energetic, candid and considerate, which is reflected in the achievement of its strategic goals.
The Group is committed to employment policies which follow best practice, based on equal opportunities for all employees, irrespective of ethnic origin, religion, political opinion, gender, marital status, disability, age, sex or sexual orientation. The executive directors have regular meetings with senior management and their teams to discuss and monitor new initiatives and training is available.
An appropriate and positive relationship with suppliers, advisors and customers is a prerequisite of the successful operation of the Group and exists in all areas of the business. The Group seeks to find innovative solutions to issues presented by customers, which not only strengthens good relations but provides immediate feedback allowing the Group to continually re-evaluate its strategic positioning and product offering. Product design and development, which has been vital to the Company’s success, is at the heart of the business operation and is driven by the close understanding between Management and end users of the Group’s products.
The management team works closely with regulators, key opinion leaders and authors of clinical guidelines in all countries, seeking counsel and working in cohort when appropriate. Effective connections and relationships are key to the success of the business and via these networks the Group has built strong barriers to competition, consisting of the inclusion in guidelines, studies, published papers, and medical device manufacturer care cards. These relationships and their outcomes, combined with the Group’s proprietary formulation of chlorine dioxide and extensive patent protection, give the Board confidence that long-term success can be achieved by the Group in accordance with its strategic plan.
Post-market surveillance and effective complaints and feedback handling are a mandatory element of the Group’s quality accreditation and enable an invaluable feedback loop into future product development.
ESG
The Group is committed to environmental, social and governance matters. Full details of the Group’s ESG strategy, goals, and activities are available in the ESG Report in this document, which sets out the issues identified by the Board as being material to the Group. Additionally, the Group continues to support community and social initiatives, including:
Supporting local and small businesses
Sponsoring local amateur and school sports teams
Supporting charities connected to staff and the local community
Organising staff fundraising events
Hosting walking and sports events for staff, friends, and families.
Our ESG and Sustainability strategies are embedded at the highest level of the organisation, led by senior management, and overseen by the Board. This ensures alignment with our values and integration across all business areas. The Board plays a significant role in shaping our ESG journey, with sustainability matters regularly reviewed and approved as part of strategic
discussions. Key decisions made this year include:
Advancing our ESG strategy with clear commitments, goals, and KPIs
Exploring ESG accreditations and frameworks to strengthen our profile
Enhancing ESG disclosures in our Annual Report and on our website.
While we do not currently have a dedicated ESG Board committee, the Board continues to assess the need for one as our strategy evolves.
Principle 5: Embed effective risk management, considering both opportunities and threats, throughout the organisation
Business opportunities, wins, losses and threats are shared by the Management team with the Board. Risks and their mitigating factors are documented, with high-risk situations immediately acted upon. Health and safety risk assessments are a high-priority given the nature of the business as a chemical manufacturer and are completed on a continual basis. Operational risks and uncertainties are discussed daily within the business in departmental meetings. A Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery plan is regularly updated with scenario planning events taking place twice a year. Financial risks are considered by the Board at each Board meeting. The Board is provided with global sales information daily and cash information on a monthly basis, allowing it to quickly respond in fast-moving situations.
The Board ensures the risk management and related control systems are effective through internal review and assessment, which is part of its continuous improvement strategy.
The Audit Committee approves all non-audit services provided by Grant Thornton UK LLP, the Group’s external auditor. In 2025, Grant Thornton UK LLP did not provide any non-audit services.
Control environment
There is an organisational structure with clearly defined lines of responsibility and delegation of accountability and authority.
Principle 6: Establish and maintain the Board as a well-functioning, balanced team led by the Chair
Non Executive Directors
Bruno Holthof is the Group’s Non-Executive Chair, appointed to the Board in 2019. Bruno is Visiting Professor of Health Innovation at the University of Oxford and Investment Partner of the EQT Life Sciences Health Economics Fund. He is independent and is Chair of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee.
Isabel Napper, a qualified lawyer, is the Senior Independent Non-Executive Director. Isabel was appointed in 2020 and is Chair of the Remuneration Committee and a member of the Nomination and Audit Committees.
Tom Jenkins, a qualified Chartered Accountant, was appointed to the Board in 2017 and is an Independent Non-Executive Director. Tom is a member of the Audit and Nomination Committees.
Caroline Stephens has over 25 years’ senior experience in global healthcare companies, was appointed to the Board in 2021 and is Chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committees.
Executive Directors
Matt Sassone was appointed as Chief Executive Officer in September 2024, replacing the former Chief Executive Officer who retired at the same time. Matt has over 25 years’ experience in the medical industry and he is a member of the Nomination Committee.
Until 30 June 2025, Liz Dixon was the Group’s Chief Financial Officer. Anna Wasyl has been appointed as the new Chief Financial Officer and has started the role on 1 September 2025. The Board believes that there is an appropriate balance between Executive and Non-Executive Directors on the Board. The Board has complied with the QCA Code’s requirement that at least half of the Board should be independent Non-Executive Directors. It is believed that the mix of Non-Independent Directors bring great specialist, analytical and entrepreneurial attributes to the Board, adding viewpoints and competencies that further enrich it.
All Directors are encouraged to foster an attitude of independence of character and judgement. The relevant experience, skills, and personal qualities that each Director brings to the Board are detailed within the Directors’ Biographies, published within the Remuneration Report. Each Director keeps their skillset up to date by reading relevant publications and attending external training and personal development courses and workshops.
Each board member commits sufficient time to fulfil their duties and obligations to the Board and the Company. They attend regular board meetings and join ad hoc board calls and offer availability for consultation when needed. The contractual arrangements between the Directors and the Company specify the minimum time commitments which are considered sufficient for the proper discharge of their duties. However, in exceptional circumstances all board members understand the need to commit additional time.
Detailed board packs include information on the business units and financial performance and are circulated ahead of board meetings. Key issues are highlighted and explained, providing board members with sufficient information to enable a relevant discussion in the board meeting.
With the adoption of the 2023 QCA Code, all directors are required to retire by rotation and seek re-election annually.
Board and committee meetings
The Board is supported by its Audit Committee and its Remuneration Committee. Attendance of these meetings is documented below.
Director | Board Meetings Attended | Remuneration committee attended | Audit Committee attended
Number of meetings in year | 6 | 3 | 2
Bruno Holthof | 6/6 | 3/3 | N/A
Elizabeth Dixon | 5/6 | N/A | N/A
Matt Sassone | 5/5 | N/A | N/A
Isabel Napper | 6/6 | 3/3 | 2/2
Tom Jenkins | 6/6 | 3/3 | 2/2
Caroline Stephens | 6/6 | 3/3 | 2/2
Bart Leemans | 1/1 | N/A | N/A
Paul Swinney | 1/1 | N/A | N/A
David Orr | 4/4 | N/A | N/A
Principle 7: Maintain appropriate governance structures and ensure that, individually and collectively, the directors collectively have the necessary up-to-date skills,
capabilities and experience
The principal governance structures and processes of the Company and its subsidiaries are the collective responsibility of the Board and its committees. At each board meeting, the Board considers and reviews the trading performance of the Group. Other matters reserved for the Board’s review and approval include the approval of the annual budget, major capital expenditure, investment proposals, the interim and annual results and a review of the overall system of internal control and risk management.
The Board comprises one male Executive Director, with a further female Executive Director who has started on 1 September 2025, and four Non-Executive Directors, two of whom are female and two of whom are male. In all new appointments the Board aims to appoint candidates who bring new and diverse attributes to its complexion.
Given that one of the Company’s core values is ‘no-nonsense’, the Board seeks to strike a balance between maintaining adequate governance without imposing structures that slow or weaken decision-making and progress. The Company’s governance structures are fluid and have by necessity adapted over time, hand-in-hand with the changes to the business.
The Board’s members are well-informed, have access to all parts of the business and are appropriately equipped through their own skills, experience, and personality to make good, and where appropriate fast, business decisions.
At each board meeting the Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) considered most relevant to the business are presented and discussed. Such KPIs are continually developed to ensure that the Board is kept adequately informed and able to take the appropriate actions. The KPI reporting include a number of measures, focussing upon operational performance, financial
performance, Quality Management System adherence and ESG targets. Periodically, normally annually, a corporate risk register is presented to the Board and mitigating actions agreed.
In accordance with the QCA Code Non-Executive Directors are only eligible to serve for up to 9 years. At each Annual General Meeting, at the discretion of the Nominations Committee, all directors are put forward for re-election and in accordance with the 2023 QCA Corporate Governance Code.
The performance and effectiveness of the Board, its committees and individual directors is reviewed by the Chair and the Board on an ongoing basis. Training is available should a Director request it or if the Chair feels it is necessary.
Audit Committee
The duties of the Audit Committee include reviewing, in draft form, the Company’s annual and half-yearly report and accounts and providing advice to the Board. Members of the Audit Committee are also responsible for reviewing and supervising the financial reporting process and internal control systems of Tristel Group.
Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee is responsible for determining the policy for directors’ remuneration and setting remuneration for the Company’s chair, executive directors and senior management including share option schemes and any bonus arrangements. No Director plays any role in determining his or her own remuneration. The Remuneration Committee make its recommendations to the Board.
Nominations Committee
The Nominations Committee operates under terms of reference which are reviewed annually, comprises all Non-Executive Directors and the CEO and is chaired by Bruno Holthof, Non-Executive Chair of the Board.
The Nominations Committee considers the performance and effectiveness of the Board and its directors; whether directors retiring by rotation should be put forward for re-election at the Annual General Meeting; to consider succession planning for directors and other senior executives; and to identify and nominate for the approval of the Board candidates to fill Board vacancies as and when they arise.
During the year the significant actions arising from the Committee were:
Implementation of a Board review and implementation of resulting actions
Appointment of a new Chief Financial Officer.
The members of the Board and their experience and skills etc are set out in the Directors’ Report and Financial Statements identifies the members of the Board at the time of publication and describes the relevant experience, skills and qualities they bring.
The Board believes it has a suitable mix of skills and competencies in order to drive the Group’s strategy and is best placed to secure the future of the Company and create long-term value for all stakeholders. The directors possess a range of skills with commercial, financial, public markets and medical and healthcare sector expertise. The directors believe that their
combined capabilities enable them to inform and oversee the implementation of the Company’s strategy for the benefit of its shareholders.
The nature of the Company’s business requires the directors to keep their skillset up to date. Periodic updates to the Board on regulatory matters are given by Company’s professional advisers. The Company retains the services of its financial adviser and Nomad, accountants, tax adviser and lawyers who are consulted on any significant matters where the Board believes external expertise is required.
A qualified representative from the Company Secretary corporate entity advises the Board on corporate governance and regulatory matters, the same representative attends the Board meetings and reports directly to the Chairman on governance matters. In keeping with best practice as set out in the QCA guidelines the Company has split the role of Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary.
The Chief Financial Officer and Chief Executive Officer are primarily responsible for communicating with investors.
Principle 8: Evaluate Board performance based on clear and relevant objectives, seeking continuous improvements
The Board undertook an internal formal review of its effectiveness during the financial year. This review considered the performance of the Board as a unit as well as the performance of individual directors, and of the Board committees.
The performance of the Chair is assessed annually by the Senior Independent Non-Executive Director. The performance of the CEO and CFO and Non-Executive Directors is assessed annually by the Chair.
The review considered the composition and diversity of the Board with a focus on skill sets, experience, personalities and size of the Board. The roles and contributions of executive and non-executive directors were looked at, examining what worked well and where improvements could be made to enhance the functioning of the Board.
Effective decision-making was considered, looking at contributions made in board meetings and other discussions and the level of challenge and questioning before decisions were made. Interaction between Board members was also considered.
The Board’s continued focus on succession planning was pertinent in the year under review with several changes to the Board announced. It was felt that the Executive Director transitions were managed well.
The general assessment of the Board was favourable, with the Board having risen to the challenges to the change of executive leadership within the year and noting the high levels of collaboration and constructive decision-making.
As a result of the Board review, the following actions have been agreed:
More regular presentations by senior management in Board meetings
Ongoing board succession planning with a focus on Non-Executive Director skill mix requirements
Board pack contents to be refreshed and circulated earlier, with the newly appointed Company Secretary assisting
Regular initiatives to enhance interaction between the Board and staff.
The last external review was carried out in May 2023 and another external review is planned for the 2025/26 financial year.
Principle 9: Establish a remuneration policy which is supportive of long-term value creation and the Company’s purpose, strategy and culture
The Board firmly believes that sustained success will best be achieved by adhering to our corporate culture of treating all our stakeholders fairly and with respect. To this end, the Board believes it has established a remuneration policy to reflect the Company’s purpose, strategy and culture and therefore supports the aim of long-term value creation. The policy is designed to motivate and reward management.
The Remuneration Committee operates under terms of reference which are reviewed annually, meeting at least once per year and comprises all Independent Non-Executive Directors chaired by Isabel Napper, Senior Independent Non-Executive Director (SINED).
It reviews, inter alia, the performance of the Executive Directors and sets the scale and structure of their remuneration and basis of their service agreements, having due regard to the interests of the shareholders. The Remuneration Committee also determines the allocation of share options to Executive Directors. No director has a service agreement exceeding one year. One of the policies of the Remuneration Committee is that no individual participates on discussions or decisions concerning his/her own remuneration. The Directors’ Remuneration Report is set out in the Annual Report where the work carried out during the past year is detailed.
There were three meetings of the Remuneration Committee in the financial year to June 2025, details of which are set out in the Report of the Remuneration Committee in this document.
Remuneration policy
The Remuneration Committee is aware that the remuneration package should be sufficiently competitive to attract, retain and motivate individuals capable of achieving the Group’s objectives and thereby enhancing shareholder value.
Principle 10: Communicate how the Company is governed and is performing by maintaining dialogue with shareholders and other relevant stakeholders
The Board recognises the importance of effective communication with shareholders and encourages regular dialogue with both institutional and private investors. The Board responds promptly to communications received verbally or in writing. Directors regularly attend meetings with both private and institutional shareholders throughout the year. Shareholders are
given at least 21 days’ notice of the Annual General Meeting held in December and are invited to attend a Shareholder Open Day held in July each year. At all investor meetings shareholders are given the opportunity to discuss the development and performance of the Company with Management and the Group’s senior team.
The Company reports formally to its shareholders and the market generally twice each year with the release of its annual and interim results.
The Annual Report and Financial Statements set out how the corporate governance of the Company has been applied in the period under review. Also included are reviews of the Company’s sustainability activities.
These reports contain full details of all the principal events of the relevant period together with an assessment of current trading and future prospects and the reports are made available via the Company’s website to anyone who wishes to review them.
The Company’s website
www.tristel.com
and ‘X’ feed (previously known as Twitter) @TristelGlobal contain details of its products, promotional activities, investor relations events, share price details and Regulatory News Service (RNS) announcements.
Bruno Holthof
Non Executive Chair
Public Documents
Placing and Admission document
Audit Committee Terms of Reference
Renumeration Terms of Reference
Nominations Committee Terms of Reference
Environmental, Social & Governance
Introduction
This Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) report outlines our strategy, objectives, and roadmap for building a more sustainable and responsible business. We align with global sustainability frameworks and continue to evolve our approach in response to stakeholder expectations across our value chain. We recognise the importance of strong supplier and customer relationships in driving shared ESG progress.
At the heart of our vision is a commitment to avoiding harm, creating stakeholder value, and contributing positively to society. Our core business, manufacturing and distributing infection prevention products, plays a vital role in reducing hospital-acquired infections (HAIs), which place a significant burden on global healthcare systems. We believe no patient should face avoidable risks in clinical settings, and our work helps protect people and preserve essential resources.
We understand that meaningful impact requires ambitious goals backed by decisive action. While our products and operations have both positive and negative impacts, our ESG strategy is designed to amplify the benefits and minimise the harms, particularly in the face of climate change and environmental degradation.
Our Sustainability Team drives this agenda, embedding ESG into daily operations, ensuring regulatory compliance, and fostering a culture of responsibility across the Tristel Group. The Sustainability Officer plays a key role in stakeholder engagement, internal training, and aligning efforts across the business.
Chief Executive Officer’s Introduction
I am delighted to share
Tristel’s Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) report
, which highlights the many ways our people have demonstrated their commitment to building a more sustainable and responsible business over the past 12 months. We continue to collaborate across our industry to help shape a more sustainable future for generations to come.
Our goal is to be a fully transparent company, committed to equality, diversity, and inclusion; fair and decent work; achieving net zero; and supporting a just transition to a circular economy.
Our annual ESG report is central to this commitment. It enables us to track progress, validate our approach, and adapt where needed. Through continuous improvement, we reflect, learn, and plan forward with a clear sustainability timeline.
We made meaningful progress across several key areas. Our science-based targets were officially validated by the
Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi),
reinforcing our commitment to credible, measurable climate action.
At Tristel, we recognise the critical importance of
STEM
(Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics) roles in driving innovation and sustainability. We are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workforce, with a particular focus on increasing female representation in these pivotal areas. Within the overall UK women account for only 29% of roles within STEM disciplines.
We are proud that nearly half of our STEM workforce are women (44%) (FY25)
, an achievement that reflects our ongoing efforts to promote gender equity in technical and scientific roles.
By empowering women in STEM, we not only enhance our team’s creativity and problem-solving capabilities but also contribute to a more equitable and forward-thinking industry. Our dedication to gender diversity in STEM is a cornerstone of our Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) strategy, reflecting our belief that diverse perspectives are essential for achieving sustainable growth, innovation, and excellence.
We were honoured to receive an
MSCI AAA ESG rating
, a recognition that reflects the strength of our governance, environmental stewardship, and social responsibility. This external validation reinforces our belief that doing business responsibly is not only the right thing to do, but also essential for long-term success.
In parallel, we’ve strengthened our focus on learning and development, ensuring our people are equipped with the skills and knowledge to contribute meaningfully to our ESG goals.
As we look to the future, we recognise that sustainability is not a destination but a journey, one that requires collaboration, innovation, and accountability. We are investing in smarter systems, empowering our people, and working closely with our partners to embed ESG into all aspects of our business.
Together, we are building a resilient, responsible, and future-ready organisation, one that delivers long-term value for all stakeholders.
Aligning with International Best Practices
United Nations Global Compact Ten Principles:
We are committed to aligning with the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact, ensuring our operations uphold fundamental responsibilities
in human rights, labour, environment, and anti-corruption
. By embedding these principles into our strategies and culture, we aim to act with integrity and build long-term value for people and the planet.
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs):
SDG 3: Good Health and Well-Being
– Our products promote global health, and we prioritise employee well-being.
SDG 4: Quality Education
– We invest in employee training and professional development.
SDG 5: Gender Equality
– We are an equal opportunity employer, with strong female representation in leadership.
SDG 8: Decent Work and Economic Growth
– Our growth strategy supports meaningful employment and workforce well-being.
SDG 9: Industry, Innovation, and Infrastructure
– Innovation drives our R&D efforts, supported by strategic investment.
SDG 12: Responsible Consumption and Production
– We track and reduce resource use and waste and promote sustainable sourcing.
SDG 13: Climate Action
– We recognise the urgency of climate change and are committed to action.
SDG 17: Partnerships for the Goals
– We collaborate across sectors to advance the SDGs globally.
Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi):
The Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), a collaboration between the CDP, the United Nations Global Compact, World Resources Institute (WRI), and WWF, drives ambitious climate action in the private sector by enabling companies to set emissions reduction targets grounded in climate science.
In May 2025, Tristel achieved a significant milestone: our near-term and net-zero targets were
validated and approved by the SBTi
. This independent verification confirms that our climate goals align with the 1.5°C pathway and global net-zero ambitions.
Our approved targets are:
Near-term target:
“Our company commits to reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions 42% by 2030 [FY31] from a 2021 [FY22] base year, and to measure and reduce its Scope 3 emissions.”
Net-zero target:
“Our company commits to reach net-zero by 2045 [FY46]. As part of this, it commits to reduce Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions 90% by 2045 [FY46] from a 2021 [FY22] base year.”
These targets reflect our commitment to science-based climate action and position us to contribute meaningfully to a low-carbon, sustainable future.
Our ESG Strategy
We recognise that integrating ESG into our core business is essential to meeting stakeholder expectations and supporting our customers in reducing their environmental impact.
The table below outlines our ESG vision, strategic pillars, objectives, and priority topics, each of which is further detailed in the Environmental, Social, and Governance sections of the ESG Report.
Our ESG Strategy – Doing the Right Thing, the Right Way
Vision | At the core of our mission lies the pursuit of creating a better and more sustainable business, avoiding harm, benefiting stakeholders and contributing to society. By harnessing our unique chemistry and innovative technologies, we aim to achieve our ESG goals while cultivating a dynamic, inclusive, and respectful workplace. Operating in the infection prevention space reinforces our commitment to doing the right thing, and through our steadfast focus on ESG, we ensure we do it the right way.
Strategic pillars | Pillar 1: Pushing the boundaries of product innovation | Pillar 2: Protecting the health of our planet | Pillar 3: Empowering our people to thrive
Strategic objectives | Creating safe, effective products is core to our business. We’re committed to developing sustainable solutions and reducing waste through thoughtful design. | We understand our responsibility in responding to climate change and achieving net zero. We will consider carbon emissions in all the decisions we make, across our operations and value chain, to safeguard the environment and communities we operate in. | We foster a healthy, inclusive workplace where everyone can grow, be themselves, and help drive greater diversity in our sector.
Priority topics covered | Innovation Waste management and a circular economy | Carbon emissions Waste management | Health, safety and wellbeing Equality, diversity, and inclusion Fair and decent work
Our full ESG Report and Carbon Reduction Plan can be downloaded below.
Anna Wasyl
Chief Financial Officer
ESG Report - Financial Year 2025
pdf 3319 KB
Carbon Reduction Plan
pdf 280 KB
RNS
Subscribe to our investor alert service (Tristel Group RNS) and receive all press releases, financial results and other key shareholder messages as soon as they become available.
Please contact Walbrook PR & IR at
tristel@walbrookpr.com
.
Financial Year 2026 - 2027
Financial Year 2025 - 2026
Financial Year 2024 - 2025
Financial Year 2023-2024
Financial Year 2022-2023
Financial Year 2021-2022
Financial Year 2020-2021
Financial Year 2019-2020
Financial Year 2018-2019
Financial Year 2017-2018
Financial Year 2016-2017
Financial Year 2015-2016
Presentations & Webinars
2 March 2026
Investor Presentation
pdf 1285 KB
13 October 2025
Investor Presentation
pdf 9353 KB
29 July 2025
Investor Presentation
3 June 2025
Investor Presentation - Mello
pdf 679 KB
24 February 2025
Investor Presentation
24 February 2025
Investor Presentation
pdf 2126 KB
21 October 2024
Investor Presentation
pdf 11138 KB
26 February 2024
Investor Presentation
pdf 775 KB
19 October 2023
Share Soc Presentation
pdf 1965 KB
17 October 2023
Tristel PLC - Preliminary Results
16 October 2023
Investor Presentation
pdf 724 KB
25 July 2023
Shareholder Open Day Slides
pdf 1082 KB
25 July 2023
Tristel Shareholder Open Day 2023 Presentation
06 June 2023
FDA Approval Presentation 2023
03 June 2023
North America Business Plan 2023
pdf 3233 KB
21 February 2023
Interim Results Investor Presentation 2023
pdf 1974 KB
06 March 2023
Half Year Results 2022
28 October 2022
Preliminary Results Investor Presentation 2022
25 October 2022
Investor Presentation 2022
pdf 644 KB
25 July 2022
Investor Day Webinar 2022
18 July 2022
Shareholder Open Day 2022
pdf 1277 KB
18 May 2022
Investor Presentation Video 2022
18 May 2022
Investor Presentation Accompanying Slides 2022
pdf 773 KB
21 February 2022
Webinar Recording 2022
21 February 2022
Interim Results Presentation 2022
pdf 1230 KB
25 October 2021
Preliminary Results Presentation 2021
18 October 2021
Investor Presentation 2021
pdf 626 KB
02 March 2021
Interim Results Shareholder Q&A 2021
pdf 150 KB
22 February 2021
Interim Results Presentation 2021
19 October 2020
Final Results Introduction 2020
pdf 753 KB
01 October 2020
Investor Presentation 2020
pdf 526 KB
22 July 2020
Tristel Open Day – Shareholder Q&A 2020
pdf 267 KB
22 July 2020
Virtual Shareholder Open Day 2020
22 July 2020
Virtual Shareholder Open Day Financial Review Slides 2020
pdf 183 KB
30 June 2020
Preliminary Results Presentation 2020
pdf 526 KB
24 February 2020
Interim Results Presentation 2020
pdf 599 KB
01 August 2019
Shareholder Open Day 2019
23 July 2019
Shareholder Open Day Presentation 2019
pdf 5742 KB
30 June 2019
Preliminary Results Presentation 2019
pdf 1767 KB
25 February 2019
Interim Results Presentation 2019
pdf 313 KB
17 July 2018
Shareholder Open Day Presentation 2018
pdf 493 KB
30 June 2018
Preliminary Results Presentation 2018
pdf 894 KB
31 December 2017
Investor Presentation – Interim Results 2017
pdf 671 KB
19 July 2017
Investor Open Day Presentation & Script 2017
pdf 3992 KB
30 June 2017
Preliminary Results Investor Presentation 2017
pdf 1500 KB
31 December 2016
Interim Results Presentation 2016
31 December 2016
Interim Results Investor Presentation 2016
pdf 1130 KB
22 July 2016
Shareholder Open Day Presentation 2016
pdf 145 KB
22 July 2016
Running Order 2016
pdf 95 KB
30 June 2016
Preliminary Results Presentation 2016
30 June 2016
Preliminary Results Investor Presentation 2016
pdf 649 KB
31 December 2015
Interims Results Presentation 2015
pdf 532 KB
31 December 2014
Interims Results Presentation 2014
pdf 351 KB
Research
The following analysts write investment research on Tristel plc:
Cavendish –
www.cavendish.com/research-portal/#/portal/cavendish
Research Tree –
www.research-tree.com/companies/uk/medical-equipment-services/tristel
Investec –
securities.investec.com/research/library/gl/stock/TSTL.L/research/published
Constitutional Documents
Memorandum of Association
Articles of Association
Subscribe
Keep up to date with New Innovations, Latest News & Product Updates
Sign up
Full name*
Email*
I confirm I’ve read the privacy policy and are happy to sign-up for further emails from Tristel
reCAPTCHA
Recaptcha requires verification.
protected by
reCAPTCHA