https://www.cerillion.com/investors/financial-calendar/
http 200 via http

Financial Calendar | Cerillion
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Cerillion
Menu
Solutions
Solutions
For Quad Play
Cerillion Unify is a pre-packaged SaaS solution for quad-play CSPs who need to manage the full range of service types, payment methods and business models in a single convergent system.
For B2B
Cerillion Enterprise is a pre-packaged SaaS solution for B2B telcos needing to automate their quote-to-cash process and improve their customer experience.
For Digital Brands
Cerillion Engage is a pre-packaged SaaS solution for digital brands wanting to deliver a digital-first customer experience.
For Subscriptions
Cerillion Skyline is a pre-packaged SaaS solution for subscription businesses which takes away the complexity and overhead of operations by automating all your billing, payments and renewals processes.
For Smart Cities
Cerillion Metro is a powerful BSS/OSS solution for smart cities which automates smart city operations and enables the monetisation of connectivity, utilities and ICT services.
Solutions
Products
Featured Products
Convergent Charging System
3GPP compliant convergent charging and policy management system for online and offline services.
Enterprise Product Catalogue
AI-powered platform for rapidly building, launching and managing all your products, services, tariffs and packages.
CRM Plus
Omni-channel CRM solution that integrates all aspects of the customer relationship lifecycle for telecoms services.
Revenue Manager
Convergent billing and revenue management for mobile, fixed, cable and multi-play communication service providers.
Service Catalogue
Complete order management and service fulfilment solution for fixed, mobile, cable and convergent services.
Other Products
Self Service
Delivers a composable digital experience for self-service account management and e-commerce from any standard device and browser.
Mobile App
A white-label self-service mobile application for iOS and Android devices.
Service Manager
Complete order management and service fulfilment solution for fixed, mobile, cable and convergent services.
Business Insights
AI-powered analytics platform that unlocks the full value of your customer data by enabling users to easily visualise and query data in real-time.
Output Streamer
Flexible document fulfilment solution, providing design, production and distribution control of invoices and other customer communications.
Dealer Portal
Streamlined web application for telecoms dealers and agents, providing decentralised sales and customer services.
Interconnect Manager
A complete interconnect billing and settlement solution for fixed, mobile, cable and multi-play Communications Services Providers.
Network Inventory
Integrated suite of software products designed to complement and extend GE Grid Solutions' Smallworld Network InventoryTM software.
Mediator Plus
Online and offline mediation solution for all types of usage including fixed, mobile, IP, content and transactional systems.
Integration Layer
Accelerate integration and open up BSS/OSS capabilities to ecosystem partners.
Products
Market & Sales
Accelerate sales processes, increase conversion rates, enhance online sales experiences, drive dealer partnerships and cultivate customer loyalty.
Customer
Optimise customer operations, enhance customer experiences and drive customer satisfaction.
Product
Streamline product operations, accelerate time-to-market, optimise inventory management and deliver exceptional product experiences.
Service
Accelerate service delivery, optimise service operations and deliver exceptional service experiences.
Resource
Optimise resource management, streamline provisioning processes and gain valuable insights into resource consumption.
Business Partner
Develop new business partner relationships, streamline order management processes and facilitate accurate billing and revenue sharing.
Enterprise
Gain valuable insights, optimise business performance and drive enterprise success with real-time analytics.
By Product Name
By TM Forum Domain
By TM Forum ODA
Services
Featured Services
Evergreen
The Evergreen software model provides regular access to new product features and improvements, ensuring that you are always up to date with the latest release.
Other Services
Managed Services
The Cerillion Managed Service provides a full range of options to help improve your time to market, maintain low and predictable operational costs, and maximise your billing ROI.
Implementation
Cerillion’s expert implementation and integration services will take the risk out of your BSS/OSS transformation and help you achieve a smooth go-live.
Support & Maintenance
Cerillion offers a comprehensive set of support and maintenance services to ensure our customers enjoy smooth and successful business operations.
Services
AI Hub
Customers
Featured Case Studies
OpenNet
Multi-tenancy Wholesale Platform for fibre business collaboration between NetCos and ServCos in Denmark and Germany
MVNX
Multi-tenant digital BSS/OSS platform for a leading South Africa MVNE supporting more than 14 MVNOs
Norlys
Digital BSS and managed services for wholesale and retail, broadband and TV services
Sure by Beyon
Triple-play BSS/OSS transformation to accelerate time-to-market and boost operational excellence and efficiency
Other Case Studies
1Global
Multi-currency and multi-company billing for global MVNO
ACUD
Building Egypt’s New Smart Capital on a Unified Digital Services Platform
BTC Bahamas
Convergent multi-service billing and CRM for NGN and 4G
C&W Communications
Multi-country CRM & Billing for quad-play services
Gibtelecom
Convergent BSS transformation
Gibtelecom (360° customer view)
360° customer view
GO
Future-proof BSS architecture
GO (Product Catalogue)
Catalogue-driven digital BSS
LINK Mobility
Multi-tenancy BSS solution for mobile messaging and CPaaS
Lobster
Digital-first MVNO
Manx Telecom
Billing at the cutting-edge of new technology
Neos Networks
Driving billing accuracy, operational efficiency and user autonomy with Cerillion
ResMed
Healthcare Subscription Billing
Sinal
Modernising BSS/OSS to support fibre network expansion
Sure (FTTP)
Automated Fibre-to-the-Premises (FTTP) Provisioning
SWAN Mobile
4G and 5G Convergent Charging
Telesur
Digital-first BSS/OSS transformation
Vocus
Multi-brand Wholesale and Retail CSP
Case Studies
Resources
Featured Resources
Press Releases
View the latest company news and announcements from Cerillion.
Other Resources
White Papers
Download our white papers and e-books discussing key industry topics such as Smart Cities, 5G, IoT, BSS & OSS Modernisation and Customer Experience.
Events
View our events diary and book an appointment with a Cerillion representative.
Articles
Cerillion appears regularly in the industry's leading publications and blogs. Check out some of our recent coverage.
Videos
Check out some of the recent videos and interviews featuring Cerillion.
Guides
Explore our comprehensive guides to the telecoms industry, covering key terminology and more.
Subscribe
Register now for all the latest Cerillion news, views and comment on the telecoms, billing and cloud industries.
Resources
Blog
Contact
Expand Search
Expand Search
Home
Investors
Financial Calendar
Financial Calendar & Events
View the key dates in our financial calendar
In this section
Event | Date
Financial Year End | 30 September 2026
Interim Results | 1 June 2026
Half Year Trading Update | 22 April 2026
Annual General Meeting | 19 February 2026
Final Results | 24 November 2025
Full Year Trading Update | 23 October 2025
Financial Year End | 30 September 2025
Interim Results | 19 May 2025
Half Year Trading Update | 14 April 2025
Annual General Meeting | 13 February 2025
Final Results | 18 November 2024
Full Year Trading Update | 21 October 2024
Financial Year End | 30 September 2024
Interim Results | 13 May 2024
Half Year Trading Update | 22 April 2024
Half Year End | 31 March 2024
Annual General Meeting | 1 February 2024
Final Results | 20 November 2023
Keep up with the latest company news and industry analysis
Subscribe Now