https://plc.rightmove.co.uk/#financial_calendar
http 200 via http

Rightmove for investors
Skip to main content
Visit:
Rightmove.co.uk
Careers at Rightmove
RM Hub for Estate Agents
Press Centre
Quick links
Quick links
Rightmove.co.uk
Careers at Rightmove
RM Hub for Estate Agents
Press Centre
Latest Financial Results
Our vision is to give everyone the belief they can make their move.
Rightmove is the UK’s number one property portal.
H1 Results Announcement
H1 Results Presentation
Video
Annual Report 2025
Share Price
Share price tool
Latest News
See all regulatory news
Financial Calendar
23 October 2026
Interim Dividend Payment Date
See financial calendar
Company
Vision
Rightmove’s vision is to give everyone the belief they can make their move.
Our mission is to make the move easier and simpler, by giving everyone the best place to turn to and return to, for accessing the tools, expertise and trust to make it happen.
Rightmove is the UK’s number one property portal.
Rightmove history
Culture and Values
Our ambition
is to be the place that consumers and customers turn to as their property portal of choice. To deliver that objective, Rightmove needs to be a sustainable business that people want to work for, invest in and partner with.
Our aim
is to make Rightmove a great place to work through an open, collaborative culture, based on the belief that we are all in it together. Rightmove aims to be a supportive and inclusive employer with a diverse workforce.
To read more about our strategy, see the strategy section of our latest
Annual Report
.
To read more about Sustainability at Rightmove, please click
here
.
At the heart of everything we do are the Rightmove Hows – the essential values and behaviours which reflect our culture.
Business Model
At a glance
Notes
Investment case
Rightmove opportunity
Strategy
Network effect
Track record
Investors
Results, Reports and Presentations
Filter by:
All years
2026
2025
2024
2023
2022
2021
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
Title | Announcement | Report | ESEF XBRL | Presentation | Webcast | Q&A
Half Year Results 2026
Trading Update 8th May 2026
Full Year Results 2025
Trading Update 7th November 2025
Half Year Results 2025
Trading Update 9th May 2025
Full Year Results 2024
Trading Update 8th November 2024
Half Year Results 2024
Trading Update 10th May 2024
Previous
Page
1
2
3
4
5
of
5
Next
Regulatory News
Rightmove Market Data
House Price Index
Rental Tracker
Mortgage Tracker
Property Data for Investors
Analyst consensus
Analyst consensus
Legal notices
Summary of Consensus as at 26 August 2026
Summary of Consensus
The forecasts are prepared by the sell side analysts and provided to Rightmove. The consensus data is presented by Rightmove for information only. Rightmove does not endorse or express any view on any forecasts or information provided. Rightmove does not publish guidance or forecasts for these measures of financial performance.
Although Rightmove will endeavour to procure that the information is kept updated, Rightmove assumes no obligation to update or revise such information to reflect circumstances existing after the date hereof. It should be noted that forecasts are by definition forward looking and are therefore subject to risks and uncertainties that may materially affect eventual results. Rightmove does not accept any liability for reliance upon, or actions taken based on, any of the information set out in this consensus data.
In order for the consensus to accurately reflect the current views of the analyst community, we reserve the right to exclude any forecast which is not current. This is defined as those forecasts which do not reflect any commentary or guidance reported by management within 90 days of the most recent results announcement.
Financial Calendar
Rightmove's financial year-end is December.
Financial year
Upcoming events
Past events
Oct 23 2026
Interim Dividend Payment Date
Add to calendar
Dec 31 2026
2026 Financial Year End
Add to calendar
Shareholder Information
Shareholder Meetings
Dividends
Registrars
Shareholder FAQs
American Depositary Receipts (ADR)
Register for email alerts
Contact Investor Relations
Share Price Centre
Detailed Share Price
Share Price Chart
Share Price Download
Share Price Calculator
Share Price Table
Leadership
Board of directors
Group Leadership Team
Andrew Fisher
Chair
Johan Svanstrom
Chief Executive Officer
Ruaridh Hook
Chief Financial Officer
Jacqueline de Rojas CBE
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
Rosemary Leith
Independent Non-Executive Director
Amanda James
Independent Non-Executive Director
Kriti Sharma
Independent Non Executive Director
Lorna Tilbian
Independent Non-Executive Director
Carolyn Pollard
Group Company Secretary
For details of Board Diversity please see the
Corporate Governance section
of the Annual Report.
Johan Svanstrom
Chief Executive Officer
Ruaridh Hook
Chief Financial Officer
Dave Anderson
Chief Revenue Officer
Jennie Barker
Chief People Officer
Matt Bushby
Chief Marketing Officer
Steve Pimblett
Chief Data Officer
Tarah Lourens
Chief Operating Officer
Lydia Yao
Chief Strategy Officer
Sustainability
Rightmove is a
sustainable
,
responsible
business, that generates value for all stakeholders.
Rightmove’s corporate social responsibility strategy has two pillars
:
In 2025 Rightmove received a AAA rating in the MSCI ESG Ratings assessment
The use by rightmove plc of any MSCI esg research llc or its affiliates (“MSCI”) data, and the use
of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names herein, do not constitute a sponsorship,
endorsement, recommendation, or promotion of rightmove plc by MSCI. MSCI services and data are the
property of MSCI or its information providers and are provided ‘as-is’ and without warranty. MSCI
names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI.
Our progress to date
Environment
Use our unique brand, platform and data to promote sustainability, whilst minimising our own
impact on the environment
Go Greener – become the leading trusted voice to help people go greener
Managing and reducing our carbon emissions – our first
Carbon Transition Plan
was published in the 2025 Annual Report
Measuring and monitoring our environmental performance – validated SBTi targets in 2022
Read more
Social
Enable Rightmovers to do the best work of their lives, enabling everyone to reach their full potential while driving innovation and business success.
Diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives
Attracting and retaining world class talent
Boosting employee engagement and enablement
Social and community impact through corporate giving and employee volunteering
Read more
Governance
Maintain robust and effective governance systems to reduce risk, support the strategy and create the right conditions for value generation
Strong ethical and governance frameworks
Enhancing our systems of risk management and internal control
Safe and secure systems and platforms
Enhancing our customer and consumer experiences
Read more
Corporate Governance
Committees
Risk Management
Board Diversity & Inclusion
Corporate Governance Documents
The Board has established five committees, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee and the Disclosure Committee, to assist it in the execution of its duties. The Chair of each Committee reports on the respective Committee’s activities at the subsequent Board meeting.
No person other than a Committee member is entitled to attend the meetings of these Committees, except by invitation of the Chair of that Committee.
Committee Terms of Reference
Audit Committee
Committee remit
The Committee is an essential part of Rightmove’s governance framework to which the Board has delegated oversight of the accounting, financial reporting and internal control processes, the outsourced internal audit function and the relationship with the external auditors.
Committee members
The Committee members are independent Non-Executive Directors and comprise:
Amanda James (Chair)
Jacqueline de Rojas
Kriti Sharma
Audit Committee Terms of Reference
Remuneration Committee
Committee remit
The Committee’s key objective is to design and implement a remuneration policy to attract, reward, retain and incentivise our management team and wider workforce to deliver Rightmove’s long-term business strategy.
Committee members and advisors
The Committee members are independent Non-Executive Directors and comprise:
Lorna Tilbian (Chair)
Jacqueline de Rojas
Amit Tiwari
Remuneration Committee Terms of Reference
Nomination Committee
Committee remit
The role of the Committee is to keep the structure, size and composition of the Board and Committees under review. Our primary objective is matching the skills, knowledge and experience of Directors to Rightmove’s business strategy and optimise Board performance, manage risk effectively and foster innovation in the business.
Committee members
The Committee members are independent Non-Executive Directors and comprise:
Andrew Fisher (Chair)
Jacqueline de Rojas
Amanda James
Lorna Tilbian
Amit Tiwari
Kriti Sharma
Nomination Committee Terms of Reference
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
The Committee’s role is to have oversight of the Group’s Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) strategy and to regularly review progress against that strategy and any associated KPIs. The Committee reviews and assesses the Company’s climate related actions and reporting and receives updates on the Company’s Social strategies.
Committee members
Andrew Fisher (Chair)
Jacqueline de Rojas
Ruaridh Hook
Amanda James
Lorna Tilbian
Kriti Sharma
Johan Svanstrom
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee Terms of Reference
Disclosure Committee
Committee remit
The Committee has been established to assist and inform the decisions of the Board concerning the identification of inside information and to make recommendations about how and when the Company should disclose that information in accordance with the Company’s disclosure policy.
Committee members
The members of the Disclosure Committee shall, unless decided otherwise by the Board, comprise the:
Chief Executive Officer
Chief Financial Officer
Chair of the Board
Head of IR
General Counsel
Company Secretary
Disclosure Committee Terms of Reference
The Risk Committee reports to the Audit Committee and is responsible for the identification and assessment of risks and for reviewing the effectiveness of Rightmove’s internal controls and risk management systems.
Risk Committee members
The Committee is comprised of the Head of Audit and Assurance and members of the Group Leadership Team and senior leadership including the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Information Security Officer and General Counsel.
Committee meetings
The Committee meets regularly throughout the year to identify and assess all risks and opportunities.
Please refer to the
Risk Management
section of our Annual Report for further details.
We are committed to a Board comprised of directors from different backgrounds with diverse and relevant experience, perspectives, skills and knowledge.
We believe that diversity, including gender diversity, amongst directors contributes towards a high performing and effective Board and business, so we strive to maintain the optimal balance. We endorse both a meritocratic Board appointment process and balanced gender representation on the Board.
For full details of our Board’s diversity including gender, ethnicity, age, tenure, and the balance of skills, knowledge and experience, please refer to the Corporate Governance section of our latest
Annual Report
.
Please refer to the Board Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy in our
Policies Hub
below.
Matters reserved for the Rightmove Board
Statements of responsibilities of Chair and CEO
Statement of the Role of the Senior Independent Director
Articles of Association
Remuneration Policy
Stakeholders and Section 172 Statement
Legal Notices
The current Remuneration Policy was approved by shareholders in May 2026.
Remuneration Policy
Rightmove’s stakeholders are:
Shareholders
Partners (Customers)
Consumers
Employees
Suppliers
Please read our latest Section 172 Statement for more details.
Section 172 Statement
Tax Strategy
Rightmove’s approach to taxation forms part of the Group’s broader commitment to its corporate and social responsibilities and it is committed to paying the right amount of tax, at the right time.
Read more
Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement
Rightmove is absolutely committed to preventing slavery and human trafficking in its business and supply chains.
Read more
Gender Pay Gap Reporting
Our people drive Rightmove’s success and a transparent, fair and diverse culture is important to us.
Read more
Policies Hub
Code of Conduct
'Speak up'/Whistleblowing Policy and arrangements
Board Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy
Human Rights Policy
Supplier Code of Conduct
Environmental Policy
Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy
Anti-Harassment and Bullying Policy
Are you looking for your next move?
Rightmove is a great place to work.
Rightmove Careers
Contacts
Rightmove plc is registered in England No 6426485
Registered office:
2 Caldecotte Lake Business Park
Caldecotte Lake Drive
Caldecotte
Milton Keynes
Buckinghamshire
MK7 8LE
Milton Keynes
2 Caldecotte Lake Business Park
Caldecotte Lake Drive
Caldecotte
Milton Keynes
MK7 8LE
Third party advertisers
Would you like to advertise property related products and services to our audience?
Email:
Contact Advertising Sales team
London
33 Soho Square
London
W1D 3QU
Careers
Please visit the
Rightmove Careers
website.
For estate agents and new homes developers
Are you considering listing your properties on the UK’s Number One Property Website? We would love to talk to you about the benefits that Rightmove membership can bring to your business. Please visit our
advertise with us
page to learn more about the products and services we offer.
For all our existing business customers, please visit our customer
FAQ’s
page or email us at
customersupport@rightmove.co.uk
. This will guarantee a speedy response from one of Rightmove’s dedicated customer care representatives.
Newcastle
Suites 12 and 13, Part Ground Floor
NEON Q10 Quorum Business Park
Benton Lane
Newcastle Upon Tyne
NE12 8BU
Press Office
For Press Office enquiries please contact:
Email:
press@rightmove.co.uk
For Financial PR enquiries please contact:
Sodali
Email:
rightmove@sodali.com
Advisors and Registrars
Advisers
Auditor | Ernst &Young LLP
Brokers | UBS Investment Bank Peel Hunt LLP
Financial Adviser | UBS Investment Bank Peel Hunt LLP
Solicitors | Pinsent Masons Linklaters LLP Cripps LLP
Bankers | Barclays Bank plc HSBC plc Santander UK plc
Registrars
The Company’s registrars are MUFG Corporate Markets
MUFG Corporate Markets
Central Square
29 Wellington Street
Leeds
LS1 4DL
MUFG shareholder helpline:+44 (0)371 664 0300
(Overseas: +44 (0)371 664 0300)
Email:
shareholderenquiries@cm.mpms.mufg.com
Share portal:
www.signalshares.com
Investor Relations
Investor Relations
Investor.relations@rightmove.co.uk
Company Secretary
Carolyn Pollard
Email:
companysecretary@rightmove.co.uk
Whistleblowing
Whistleblowing reports can be made to
companysecretary@rightmove.co.uk
For details of our independent whistleblowing line provider, please refer to our
Whistleblowing Policy
.
Rightmove PLC
Company
Investors
ESG
Contacts
Quick links
Rightmove.co.uk
Careers at Rightmove
RM Hub for Estate Agents
Press Centre
Keep in touch
If you would like to be alerted when a regulatory news item is added, please register with our alert service.
Sign up
Social
LinkedIn
X
© Rightmove plc 2026
Rightmove plc is registered in England No 6426485, Registered office: 2 Caldecotte Lake Business Park, Caldecotte Lake Drive, Caldecotte, Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, MK7 8LE
Site map
Help
Cookies
Safety and Security
Terms of Use
Privacy
Back to top