https://www.restoreplc.com/investors/financial-calendar/
http 200 via browser

Financial Calendar - Restore PLC
Customise Consent Preferences
We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below.
The cookies that are categorised as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ...
Show more
Necessary
Always Active
Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data.
Functional
Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features.
Analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyse the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customised advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyse the effectiveness of the ad campaigns.
Uncategorised
Other uncategorised cookies are those that are being analysed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Reject All
Save My Preferences
Accept All
Powered by
Investors
Financial Calendar
Stay up to date with our key financial events throughout the year. Below, you’ll find our latest financial calendar, including upcoming results announcements, investor presentations, and other key dates. We are committed to keeping our stakeholders informed, so be sure to check back regularly for updates.
Date | Events
12th March 2026 | Full Year Result 2025
12th May 2026 | Trading Update & Annual General Meeting
28th July 2026 | Half Year Results 2026
31st December 2026 | Financial Year End
Annual General Meeting
Our previous AGM took place on 12 May 2026.
AGM Notice 2026
Final Proxy Votes 2026
Contact us
For any enquiries, please get in touch.
Restore plc, 7-10 Chandos Street,
London W1G 9DQ
info@restoreplc.com
0207 409 2420
Full name
Email address
Phone number
What do you need help with?
—Please choose an option—
Please choose…
Investors
Information Management
Datashred
Relocations
Technology
Other
Message
I agree to the Restore plc
Privacy Policy
.
This website is protected by reCAPTCHA and the
Google Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.
Please leave this field empty.
Submit
reCAPTCHA
Recaptcha requires verification.
protected by
reCAPTCHA
apiSanitizer